packages/authors-info/README.md, before:

## [Author Info plugin](./src/index.ts)

Take the guesswork out of tracking **who created, edited, and published content(and when)** across your **collections and globals**—**automatically**.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a23a502-2867-41a8-bd35-506f911c8b41

### Usage
🔹 **Seamless Author Tracking** – This plugin **automatically captures and stores** key authoring details, so you always know **who created, modified, and published** each document.  
🔹 **Enhanced Metadata** – While Payload CMS tracks creation and modification dates, it **doesn’t store publication dates**—but this plugin does! Now, you’ll have a clear **record of the most recent publish date** for every entry.  
🔹 **Integrated Author Data** – A new **"Author Data" tab** is added to the authoring interface, providing a centralized place for all user activity related to the document.

With this **fully automated** tracking system, you'll always have complete visibility into **who did what and when**—**without any extra effort**. 

### Install

Install the plugin using your node package manager, e.g:

`pnpm add @flexiweb/authors-info`

### Setup

In the payload.config.ts add the following:

```typescript
plugins: [
    ...plugins,
    addAuthorsFields({
      excludedCollections: [],//array of collections names to exclude
      excludedGlobals:[], // array of globals names to exclude
      usernameField: 'fullName', //name field to use from Users collection, 'user' by default
    }),
```

Commit message:

feature: Replace moment with luxon & adjust i18n

packages/authors-info/README.md, after:

## [@flexiweb/author-info plugin](./src/index.ts)

This plugin makes collection track **who & when** **created, edited and published content** accross collections and globals.

Originally created by [Shefing](https://github.com/shefing/payload-tools).
Major changes:

- Replace moment with luxon
- Add better typing
- Add english, germand and hungarian language support

### Features

🔹 **Seamless Author Tracking** – This plugin **automatically captures and stores** key authoring details, so you always know **who created, modified, and published** each document.  
🔹 **Enhanced Metadata** – While Payload CMS tracks creation and modification dates, it **doesn’t store publication dates**—but this plugin does! Now, you’ll have a clear **record of the most recent publish date** for every entry.  
🔹 **Integrated Author Data** – A new **"Author Data" tab** is added to the authoring interface, providing a centralized place for all user activity related to the document.

With this **fully automated** tracking system, you'll always have complete visibility into **who did what and when**—**without any extra effort**.

### Install

Install the plugin using your node package manager, e.g:

`pnpm add @flexiweb/authors-info`

### Setup

In the payload.config.ts add the following:

```typescript
plugins: [
    ...plugins,
    addAuthorsFields({
      excludedCollections: [],//array of collections names to exclude
      excludedGlobals:[], // array of globals names to exclude
      usernameField: 'fullName', // name field to use from Users collection, 'name' by default
    }),
```
